Refactoring Qibolab Emulator (#1401)
qiboteam/qibolab: doc/source/main-documentation/emulator.rst

An additional limitation arises from the handling of measurement ordering. In certain experimental protocols, the temporal order of measurements may vary across parameter sweeps, while the :paramref:`PulseSequence` object remains fixed and does not reflect such reordering. This discrepancy may introduce inconsistencies during the execution of :func:`qibolab._core.instruments.emulator.results.results`, which assumes alignment between the time-ordering structure and the acquisition pulses defined in the pulse sequence. If this alignment is violated, acquisition events may be incorrectly matched to simulation time steps, ultimately resulting in invalid outputs.

> Additionally, Qibolab emulator implements a confusion matrix for simulating mislabeling of the qubits states. At the time being we are assuming an uncorrelated model, in which the total confusion matrix is simply the Kroneker product between single qubits confusion matrix, which indeed does not take into account correlations between qubits due to quantum effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, Qibolab emulator implements a confusion matrix for simulating mislabeling of the qubits states. At the time being we are assuming an uncorrelated model, in which the total confusion matrix is simply the Kronecker product between single qubits' confusion matrices, which indeed does not take into account correlations between qubits due to quantum effects.
```

> This confusion matrix is applied directly to the states probabilities computed from the solution density matrix; then, if we call :math:`M_i` the matrix corresponding to the i-th qubit and :math:`P_{raw}` the output probability vector of the pde solver, we'll have that the 'corrected' probability vector :math:`P_{corr}` is:

Reviewer: Initialism usually are written uppercase. But here it is not even the main problem for `pde`: the time evolution is not a strict PDE, but rather an ODE - the only continuous variable we have is time.

Author: addressed in 690f8d4
